about us
we partner with the most competent team and supply chain professionals to provide our clients with the best shipping experience! We are dedicated to delivering effective logistics and supply chain management solutions to our customers.
our services


FREIGHT FORWARDING SERVICES INCLUDE:
Air & Ocean Imports / Exports
Vessel & Air Chartering
Door to Door services for Air, Road & Ocean 
Customs 
Preparation of all Export Documentation
Tracking & Tracing
Dangerous Goods & Hazardous Materials
Project Cargo
Warehousing
Crating & Supplies
LOGISTICS PARTNER
OverBorder Logistics is an independent, Logistics Provider. We are a one stop shop for all of your logistics requirements.



Out customer-centric model is built upon 6 pillars:

Passion
Dedication
Reliability
Adaptability
Knowledge
Commitment
 
Our transportation network and logistics partners for trouble free shipping of all commodities, including dangerous goods, temperature control, and vehicles. We also provide charter vessels or aircraft for very large and specialty cargo.
When you need a shipment delivered feel confident knowing that our team will take care of your goods every step until your cargo arrives at its final destination.
We offer 24/7 tracking along with responsive agents, and cover key markets – you can rely on OverBorder Logistics to be your one source logistics solution and partner in your on-going success.
 
 contact us
 0777780146, 00258867203366, 3944 Nharira, Norton. 
 
OverBorder Logistics Management Shipping is a dynamic Freight Forwarding Company based in Beira, Mozambique. By understanding our client's needs and requirements we have found our niche in the Export Freight market. The company is strategically positioned in the Forwarding Industry to service both Multinational Exporters, as well as Individuals and SMME’s, wanting to be able to compete on a level playing field.

Through our affiliation with the majority of the Premier Shipping Lines in Southern Africa we are able to offer, competitive freight rates, secured slot allocations and speedy turnaround of shipping documents. The company cargo portfolio, boast a variety of commodities; from Industrial to Agricultural; perishable, refrigerated and dry cargo. This cargo’s having been shipped as Containerized, Breakbulk, Bulk Cargo or RORO.

Superior, Speedy, Service is the norm, not the exception